12/04/2024

this is my final MDM/journal entry for this project. i will admit i didn't do the best job at documenting my process + journey. i sorta used the github push messages as random little blurbs of my very unorganized mind and work flow.
it is very unprofessional, but very personal. i think i would have had a lot less fun with this project if i tried super hard to make the MDM journal entries as academic and organized as they should be for a portfolio piece. 


regardless, i had fun and im proud of what i did the sheer amount of work i put into this project. i learned a shocking amount (which usually doesn't happen when i take on the artist role (i know how to draw, for the most part)).
i not only got a good few portfolio pieces out of the project (toyol concept art, the game as a whole, and the experience with github, godot, and art asset creation for video games),
but i got nice memories, memes, and work flow that allows me to crank out 120+ art assets in a small time frame ;-D

it's kinda crazy that this class allowed me to do silly stuff like stream a portion of my work process on twitch for a portion of the MDM/dissemination plan. i also got to ramble about zombies, 10/10 

i learned what sprite sheets are and how to do them the quick way (sprite sheet converter . com (tm)) or the correct way (two transparent imgs on one file but the img themselves and the borders are equidistant apart). <br>
i learned how to "sketch" in blender with various sculpting brushes and tools (mirror/symmetry tool my beloved). i also learned that chaos is bound to happen and learning to roll with the punches is the quickest and easiest way to get through conflict and hiccups in the journey.
i didn't overwork myself (too much) by setting boundaries where needed, taking ample rest days when possible (keeping saturdays clear w/ no work), and finding a way to do my work as quickly and efficiently as possible while still being happy with the end result.

i am excited to get this all together and replace my freshman video game project with this one on my resume/portfolio :)

the chaos that is my mdm throughout the semester + with each art asset upload can be found here:
https://github.com/ThaisAlvarenga/Toyol/commits?author=Zhertvah

 - savannah mosley / zhertva (she/her)
